This directory contains the Todo MVC application that works with the template
compiler.

Today the code for the Todo application has slight differences with the polyfill
version of the Todo application.  This of course needs to be fixed - ASAP.
Here is quick lists of issues to be resolved:

  - root.query("#elem-id") is autogenerated by the template (there is some web
    components that have hard coded implementation to do that manually.
  - two-way binding is only exposed for HTML elements where two-way binding
    makes sense (INPUT checkbox tag for checked attribute, INPUT edit tag for
    value attribute,  and automatic 1-way bindig for the Anchor tag xref
    attribute).
  - Web component implementation is body of the class for the template compiler.
    Polyfill assumes the webcomponent code defines the class; this implies that
    the template compiler would need to inject code within the user's class
    (need to parse the Dart class).
  - The todo class at the todomvc top level needs to be used instead of the
    todo in todomvc/output.

Generating the code:

    tool/template/tool.dart --verbose /DART-WC/dart-web-components/samples/todomvc/template_tool/main.html /DART-WC/dart-web-components/samples/todomvc/output

this will generated a number of files with the *.html.dart and *.html.html

Generating the web components classes from the template compiler does not
currently handling the data binding in main.html this means that the following
code needs to be pasted into item.html.dart for scopedVariables:


  // TODO(samhop): this is a terrible pattern -- it would be better if
  // there were a lifecycle event for 'data is ready', which in this case
  // we would call when scopedVariables contained the data to do the binding
  // (i.e. AFTER scopedVariables is initially set up by the Component's
  // constructor).
  void set scopedVariables(vars) {
    super.scopedVariables = vars;
    if (element != null) {
      todo = scopedVariables[element.attributes['data-todo']];
    }
  }

  get scopedVariables => super.scopedVariables;



Todo application NOT WORKING:
=============================

If running the Todo application after entering a task you get a task item of:

     {{todo.task}}
     
and the application seems hung you forgot to add the above block of code to
item.html.dart


